# SECON27
It is February, and the IEEE Stock Car Racing Season is about to begin. The first event is in Daytona Beach, Florida. The event starts with the Time Trials. For your Team's race Robot to compete, it must compete in the time trial. When it is time for your team to race, your Robot will be positioned in the start box. When the green flag is lowered, your Robot will begin.
Alternatively, you may manually start your Robot based on the Referee giving the start command. Your Robot will enter the racecourse and complete three laps. After either lap one or two your Robot will enter the pit area, and park in the spot assigned by the Apriltag at the beginning of pit road. The parking spot will be randomly selected at the beginning of the Race.
After a minimum stop of 2 seconds (verified by the referee, a point penalty will be incurred if your Robot leaves before the required 2 seconds) your Robot will re-enter the course to complete the required 3 laps. When your Robot crosses the finish line the referee will stop counting your time. All Robots must complete the course in 3 minutes or less, to receive the points for completing the course. There will be 2 randomly place obstacles on the course. The obstacles will be placed in different lanes. Every contact with the obstacles will incur a point penalty. Contact with any of the gray walls or barriers will incur a penalty. Only one penalty will be assessed for all contacts with gray surfaces. Robots finishing the course in less than 3 minutes will receive extra points
